Project-Idea.md


The core idea or purpose of my web application is as follows: I am the solo ceo of an AI consulting company. My company provides AI enablement, transformation, consulting, etc. and AI-driven SaaS applications as well as fractional CTO services to SMB's and large enterprises. We have a flywheel effect in place in that enterprise informs SMB and SMB informs enterprise. We need more than just a website; we need a system. We need to have of course a marketing website complete with blog, case studies, product service descriptions, testimonial/reviews, lead magnets, resources, CTAs, etc. Our employees should be able to login to an employee portal through our website and the employee portal should have all the usual features of an employee portal. Our clients should be able to login to a client portal through our website where they can make use of all the features typically in a client/customer portal for companies like ours. Developers should be able to make use of a full-featured developer portal. On a subdomain we want to have a virtual data room that investors can use for informing them and doing their due diligence in working with us as investors. There should be an admin interface to the backend where the overall site administrator can do all the admin things that admins typically do. Other than the marketing site, some of our client will make use of our PaaS and a number of associated SaaS products so the PaaS and the various SaaS sites should be fully-featured as well. Everything, and I mean absolutely everything, will be AI-driven from the very inception. 
Our target audience is going to be decision makers at SMBs and large enterprises and other who will be making use of our offerings, as well as our admin or admins, our developers, our advisors/employees. 
The key features or functionalities we envision will be all the industry standard features that would typically come with sites such as the one we are describing. In addition we also want to have user accounts, payment processing, real-time chat, the ability to make and use integrations for a variety of third party SaaS apps, Clients/customers should be able to sign up, verify their email, log in, log out, remember and reset their own passwords, perform CRUD operations on one or more Organizations, Teams, Projects, and environments, etc. They should be able to invite others to their workspace. Each user should have a personal dashboard and profile with settings they can change and be able to customize the look and feel of their own dashboard and profile. There should be an API where users can perform CRUD ops on applications they want to make and API keys with which they will interact with the API. 
In regards to any preferences for the look and feel, and existing websites or apps I like as inspiration for the design; I like the layout of supabase, github for backend/dashboard interfaces. The marketing website should look and function similar to https://markovate.com either light or dark (toggleable). 
My timeline and budget range are that this should be completed ASAP, started immediately, and I want you to make use of only best-of-breed FOSS solutions.
Technical requirements and constraints are as follows: I need it to meet all the typical compliance standards; use only best-of-breed FOSS solutions, use domain driven design, use hexagonal/clean/ports and adapters architecture. use microservices architecture. use event driven architecture, event sourcing, and an event store. use best practices, use 12 factor app methodology, use MACH principles. database connectivity should be agnostic. deployment platform should be agnostic. It should be enterprise (or better) grade, production ready, etc. from the beginning. We want the MVP to be as feature-filled as possible. It should be built as a monorepo. It should be built to be modular with a common core that users of different types can plug and play various modules according to their needs. Our clients will be making use of the PaaS and various SaaS products and services offerings as part of their business.
As to how do I envision the project evolving after launch, I am planning for ongoing updates, scaling to more users, and adding new features as time goes by to stay relevant. In essence we want our platform and our saas products and services to at least, at bare minimum, meet the best the industry has to offer and most definitely to exceed what the industry can offer, we want our platform and saas's to not only set the bar, but redefine the industry standard.
